Janice has a question who of the six of
you has slept with who of the six of you
Wow it's like a dirty math problem sorry
the answer there would be none of us
come on over the years none of you ever
got you know drunken stupid well that's
really a different question
sorry I find it hard to believe that a
group of people who spends as much time
together as you guys do has never bumped
uglies there was at one time that Monica
and Rachel got together and said what
what excuse me there was no time okay
but let's say there was unlike that guy
okay well then answer me this have any
of you ever almost yeah okay the doggone
I would like to propose a toast to the
woman who in one year from today will
become mrs. dr. Barry barber DDS I think
it's time to see the ring again
isn't it exciting I mean it's like
having a boyfriend but life yeah I know
what oh I don't know well maybe it's
just the idea of Barry for the rest of
my life I don't know I think I I feel
like I need to have one last fling you
know just to sort of get it out of my
system so bad I'm serious
I really I think I need to just have
some meaningless sex you know with the
next guy I see
excuse me I seem to have dropped my ball
yeah so
and now I've kicked it up again God I
went to high school with her Rachel
hi my god you can't even see where the
Titanic hit it
his name is Barry he's a doctor
thank you very much oh just like you
always wanted congratulations thank you
so how about you are are you seeing
anybody
oh not right now oh well that's okay I
know
yup so I think I'll get back to my
friend oh yeah sure sure sure sure
listen can we please have lunch the next
time I'm in the city Oh that'd be great
okay
hi my 10 bucks says I never see that
woman again in my life
no real Holi really it's fine just good
God with Susan I'm really I think no I
think Girls Night Out is a great idea
okay okay bye but what are they doing I
don't know something girly hey you're
early
what are you doing - lamb I'm just
taking it to get rewired don't take of
the same place shut the stereo cuz
they've had that thing for over a week
no mr. heckles no one is making any
noise up here you're disturbing my oboe
practice you actually the oboe I could
play the oboe I'm going to have to ask
you to keep it down
who are you hi I'm Eric I'm gonna be
Chandler's new roommate
I'm Chandler's new roommate I don't
think so
I could be Chandler's new roommate but
he told me over the phone he told me in
person it's weird
well I'm going to go into my new
apartment now